one of the most important things about
fishing a crankbait is bolt position you
want to make sure that your bolts in the
right position you'll see people and
they got a point or a piece of structure
that they want a fish and they'll cast
right to that well with the crank bait
you want to cast a little bit further
past it because that bait dives down
back in there let me show you what I'm
talking about let's say our spot is
right here this is the point if you're
casting right here that bait when it
starts to go down it's not going to get
down to that optimum level until it's
almost back to the boat you want to cast
past that if this is your point get that
bait down and get beaten along that
bottom what there's another one
behind it all bigger just behind it come
on steeled out of his mouth think I'm
excited look what I did I hit my bail
professional overrun I got that little
fish there but there was a fish with
three times the size of this fish just
sauntering on behind it
oh we go again there's a to the
right up there on that rock point owe
good one good fish all big fish just
came up and ate the thumb where you at
dude come on baby whoa i hear my the
bottom of the boho vibe about you oh oh
he's just got one who get them almost
you are here to Madame for me I got oh
look at the size of that mule ain't that
fun absolutely positively awesome oh
I'll tell you one thing that is an
awesome awesome large mo fast and that
right there is one awesome bait man oh
man times like this are we like just how
much i love my job
Junior
a couple first in this area
come on Big Mama piffle buys the bus
tired of catching your kind tell you a
day like today when I'm patching a ton
of fish that's when I make mistakes you
always got it ready and imagining a fish
is behind your bait because at any
second Big Momma can eat and you got to
be ready for her